Aster: LOOKS LIKE
SOMEONE NEEDS TO TAKE
A FEW MORE
DUELING CLASSES!
AND WHY'S THAT, PHOENIX?
WHY DON'T I LET
MY MONSTER
ANSWER THAT!
DOGMA, ATTACK!!
[BOOM]
[GROANING]
YOU DON'T MIND
IF I TAKE A LOOK
IN YOUR DECK, DO YOU?
IT'S NOT HERE.
[THINKING]
I HAVE TO KEEP SEARCHING.
THE MISSING DESTINY CARD
IS OUT THERE SOMEWHERE.
IT WAS STOLEN THE NIGHT
MY FATHER DISAPPEARED.
AND WHEN I FIND IT,
I'LL KNOW WHO TOOK
HIM FROM ME!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Pegasus: THANKS FOR COMING
ON SUCH SHORT NOTICE,
CHANCELLOR.
YOUR WEBSITE WAS DOWN,
AND I NEEDED AN UPDATE
ON THE GX TOURNAMENT.
SO TELL ME, HOW ARE
THINGS PROGRESSING?
NOT AS WELL
AS WE HAD HOPED.
I TAKE IT THE ULTIMATE
DESTINY CARD HASN'T
SURFACED YET?
I WAS SURE THIS TOURNAMENT
WOULD BRING IT OUT.
YES, WELL, THERE'S
STILL TIME I SUPPOSE.
NOW I HOPE I'M
NOT SPEAKING
OUT OF TURN,
BUT WHAT'S SO
SPECIAL ABOUT
THIS DESTINY CARD?
IT WAS DEVELOPED
TEN YEARS AGO
BY ONE
OF MY EMPLOYEES.
HOWEVER, BEFORE THE CARD
WAS RELEASED,
IT WAS STOLEN,
AND IT NEVER
RESURFACED AGAIN.
WHO WOULD STEAL
A CARD?
NO ONE'S SURE,
BUT MY SCIENTIFIC TEAM
HAS COME UP
WITH A THEORY.
[BEEP]
ON THE DAY THIS CARD
WAS CREATED,
MY SCIENTISTS
DISCOVERED
A STRANGE
ASTRONOMICAL PHENOMENON.
THIS "WHITE HOLE,"
AS THEY CALLED IT,
SEEMED TO BE
EMITTING LIGHT WAVES
ACROSS THE UNIVERSE.
THINK OF IT
AS THE OPPOSITE
OF A BLACK HOLE.
WHEREAS A BLACK HOLE
ABSORBS ENERGY...
THIS WHITE HOLE
EXUDES ENERGY
ALMOST LIKE
A CELESTIAL VOLCANO
ERUPTING WITH LIGHT!
AND LIKE MOLTEN LAVA,
THIS LIGHT WAS DANGEROUS!
IT BEGAN TO TIP
THE BALANCE
OF LIGHT AND DARK
IN THE UNIVERSE!
AND AS ITS
STRENGTH GREW,
SO TOO DID ITS INSATIABLE
HUNGER FOR MORE POWER!
SO WAIT!
ARE YOU SAYING
THAT THIS LIGHT
DEVELOPED A MIND
OF ITS OWN!?
THAT WOULD APPEAR
TO BE THE CASE.
AND WHEN THE ENERGY
REACHED EARTH,
IT THEN SEARCHED
FOR A HOST.
A PERSON OR THING
IN WHICH TO INHABIT.
WE BELIEVE IT
CHOSE TO DWELL
WITHIN THAT
DESTINY CARD.
OF COURSE,
IT GETS WORSE.
THIS ISN'T
THE FIRST TIME
THAT EARTH
WAS INVADED
BY LIGHT.
IN FACT,
TIMES OF TURMOIL
AND NATURAL
DISASTERS
CAN BE TRACED TO--
HOLD ON!
SO THIS ENERGY--
YES.
IT TRIGGERS
DESTRUCTION.
JUST LOOK
AT A HISTORICAL
TIMELINE.
EVERY MAJOR BATTLE
THAT EVER TOOK PLACE
AND EVERY POWER-HUNGRY
DICTATOR
THAT EVER TRIED
TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD
SURFACED AT A TIME
WHEN THESE LIGHT PULSES
CROSSED PATHS
WITH THE PLANET EARTH!
YES, BUT WHAT DOES THAT
HAVE TO DO WITH THIS CARD?
I ASKED MYSELF
THE SAME THING.
NOW AS YOU KNOW,
DUEL MONSTERS IS
NO ORDINARY GAME.
IT HAS TIES TO
CERTAIN ANCIENT
MYSTICAL ENERGIES.
YOU MEAN, THIS LIGHT
FROM OUTER SPACE
IS USING A CARD TO
DESTROY THE WORLD?!
YES, PRECISELY.
JUST WHEN THE CARD
WAS BEING FINALIZED,
IT WAS HIT
WITH A PULSE
OF LIGHT.
AT THAT MOMENT,
THE OBJECTS
FUSED TOGETHER.
THAT DESTINY CARD
IS NOW CONTROLLED
BY THE LIGHT!
AND MOST LIKELY,
SO IS THE PERSON
WHO HOLDS THE CARD!
OH, NO! DOES YOUR TEAM HAVE
ANY OTHER CLUES?
WHAT ABOUT
THAT EMPLOYEE
OF YOURS THAT
DESIGNED THE CARD?
WHERE IS HE NOW?
HE'S GONE.
WHEN THE CARD WAS TAKEN,
HE DISAPPEARED
ALONG WITH IT!
SO WHOEVER TOOK HIM
KNEW THAT DESTINY CARD
WAS POWERFUL!
HOLD ON! WAS IT
ASTER PHOENIX'S FATHER?
IT WAS!
OF COURSE.
THAT WOULD EXPLAIN
WHY ASTER'S BEEN BEHAVING
SO STRANGELY EVER SINCE
THE TOURNAMENT BEGAN.
EVERY TIME THAT
BOY WINS A DUEL,
HE DEMANDS THAT
THE LOSER HAND
OVER HIS DECK!
HE'S LOOKING
FOR HIS FATHER'S CARD!
WHAT HE DOESN'T REALIZE
IS THAT WHOEVER HAS IT
IS UNDER THE CONTROL
OF AN EVIL FORCE!
ASTER IS BLINDED
BY VENGEANCE.
AND AT THIS POINT,
ALL HE KNOWS IS THAT
IF HE LOCATES
THIS MISSING
DESTINY CARD...
HE'LL FIND
HIS FATHER.
PERHAPS,
BUT AT WHAT COST?!
I DON'T GET IT.
I'VE CHECKED ALMOST
EVERY DECK IN THE TOURNAMENT.
AND STILL NO DESTINY CARD.
HOLD ON A SEC! SARTORIUS.
MY BROTHER IS
UNDER THE CONTROL
OF AN EVIL FORCE.
WHAT HAPPENED?
ONE DAY, A VISITOR CAME.
THE STRANGER OFFERED HIM
A CARD AS PAYMENT
FOR HIS SERVICES.
I SENSED A CHANGE
IN SARTORIOUS IMMEDIATELY.
AND THE SARTORIUS
I KNEW WAS GONE.
AAH!
AND WHERE CAN WE
FIND THIS CARD?
I WISH I HAD THE ANSWERS,
BUT I TOLD YOU ALL I KNOW.
SHORTLY AFTER IT ARRIVED,
IT DISAPPEARED.
IT WHAT?
SARTORIUS!
IT WAS YOU!
I KNOW IT!
NOW GET DOWN HERE!
AND TELL ME
WHERE MY FATHER IS!
HEAR ME?!
GET LOST!
HE'S GOT NOTHING
LEFT TO SAY TO YOU!
LET ME GO!
I HAVE TO SEE HIM!
HEY! WAIT!
OPEN UP!
LET ME IN!
YOU CAN'T HIDE FOREVER.
Crowler:
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD,
MIGHT I HAVE A MOMENT
OF YOUR TIME, SIR?
WHAT ARE YOU TWO
DOING IN HERE?!
WELL, CHANCELLOR
SHEP'S OUTTA TOWN.
AND WE DIDN'T WANT
HIS WIDESCREEN TV
TO GO TO WASTE!
RIGHT.
DON'T YOU
PEOPLE HAVE
DORM ROOMS?!
YEAH, BUT THEY
DON'T HAVE STEREO
SURROUND SOUND!
THEY DON'T
EVEN HAVE TVs!
PULL UP A CUSHION.
THE TITLE MATCH IS
ABOUT TO KICK OFF.
DID YOU SAY,
"TITLE MATCH?"!
Announcer: THOUGHT
THIS DAY WOULD NEVER COME!
FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN FOUR YEARS, THE "D"
WILL DEFEND HIS
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE!
PINCH ME!
IS THIS A DREAM?!
WOW. I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO
SEE THE "D" IN ACTION!
THIS IS ALL A FAUX PAS.
HE SHOULD BE
MAKING HIS COMEBACK
IN OUR TOURNAMENT,
NOT ON TV!
AND WHAT MAKES YOU
THINK HE WOULD OF JOINED
THIS TOURNAMENT?
LET'S JUST CALL IT
A HUNCH.
ARE YOU FRIENDS
WITH THE "D"?!
NOT EXACTLY...
BUT I KNOW SOMEONE
WHO'S CLOSE TO HIM.
ASTER. NOT ONLY ARE
THEY FRIENDS...
THE "D" IS ASTER'S
LEGAL GUARDIAN.
WELL, I'LL BE!
SO THE WORLD CHAMPION
OF THE PRO LEAGUE
HAPPENS TO BE
ASTER'S PAPPY?!
STEP-FATHER
TO BE EXACT.
HIS REAL PAPPY
IS MISSING.
IT LOOKS LIKE ASTER
ONLY TOLD US HALF
OF THE STORY.
Announcer: FOR AN ENTIRE DECADE,
THE "D" HAS REIGNED SUPREME!
BUT AS YOU KNOW, FOLKS,
THAT COULD ALL CHANGE HERE
TONIGHT IN THE KAIBA DOME!
YEAH, RIGHT.
HELLO, ASTER.
IT'S YOU!
I SUPPOSE IT IS.
YOU KNOW ME?
YOU'RE KYLE JABLES,
THE GREATEST DUELIST
IN THE WORLD!
WELL, THAT'S
MIGHTY KIND OF YOU!
BUT I'VE CHANGED MY
NAME TO THE "D."
I GUESS YOU COULD SAY
I'VE GONE THROUGH A LOT
OF CHANGES LATELY.
YOU'VE BEEN
THROUGH A LOT
OF CHANGES, TOO.
IN FACT, THAT'S WHY
I'VE BEEN SENT HERE, PAL.
IT IS!?
YOUR FATHER'S
AN OLD FRIEND OF MINE,
AND I ONCE MADE HIM
A PROMISE.
TO KEEP AN EYE ON YOU.
I, AH...WAS JUST
WONDERING...
WHAT IS IT?
WELL, IF YOU HAVE
TIME, WILL YOU...
TEACH ME
HOW TO DUEL?
OF COURSE!
I'D BE GLAD
TO HELP YOU OUT!
MAYBE ONE DAY YOU
CAN CHALLENGE ME.
YEAH!
[LAUGHING]
Announcer:
WE'RE APPROACHING GAME TIME,
AND THIS CAPACITY CROWD
IS ON THEIR FEET!
[THINKING]
THAT CARD SHOULD
BE LOCKED AWAY.
I WON'T USE IT!
HA HA HA! WHAT'S
THE PROBLEM, "D"?
THAT CARD GAVE
YOU EVERYTHING!
AND NOW YOU'RE
AFRAID TO USE IT?
DON'T TELL ME YOU'RE
FEELING GUILTY.
SUCK IT UP! THIS MAY
BE YOUR LAST DUEL!
MY LAST?!
THAT'S RIGHT.
AFTER TEN LONG YEARS,
YOUR ASSIGNMENT
IS NEARLY COMPLETE.
SO FEAR NOTHING.
YOUR GUILT,
YOUR PAIN...
SOON, IT WILL
ALL BE OVER!
HA HA HA!
IT'S TIME TO FINISH
WHAT I STARTED TEN YEARS AGO!
[CROWD CHANTING, "D"!]
Announcer: THIS DUEL
IS ALMOST UNDERWAY,
AND IT'S CERTAINLY CLEAR
WHO THE CROWD FAVORITE IS!
WORLD CHAMPION, THE "D"!
BUT FIRST, THE CHALLENGER!
COMING TO US
FROM MOUNT HOLYOAK PRISON
AND BOASTING AN IQ OF 202,
IT'S DOCTOR COLLECTOR!
GO BACK
TO THE SLAMMER!
ERR!
[CROWD GASPS]
IT'S ALRIGHT, FOLKS.
WE'RE UNDER TIGHT SECURITY,
AND EVERYONE
IS PERFECTLY SAFE!
I HEARD ABOUT
THIS GUY ON THE NEWS!
HE'S SO SMART...
THE FBI IS USING HIM
TO HELP
WITH CRIME SOLVING!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
AND NOW THE MOMENT
YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!
HE'S BEEN RULING THE DUEL
FOR OVER A DECADE
AS THE PRO LEAGUE
WORLD CHAMPION!
I GIVE YOU...THE "D"!
[CROWD CHANTING, "D"!]
I HOPE YOU'RE ENJOYING
THE WARMTH
OF THE LIGHTS
ON YOUR FACE, "D."
TONIGHT IS THE LAST TIME
THEY'LL SHINE ON YOU.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THIS DOES MARK
THE END.
OF EVERYTHING!
INCLUDING YOU!
WHY'S THAT?!
I'LL SHOW YOU!
WHAT'RE YOU
WAITING FOR?!
YOU'RE IN QUITE
A RUSH TO LOSE!
I PLAY
ENIGMA THE CREATOR!
THEN I'LL PLAY
A FACEDOWN
AND DEFER TO YOU.
I WAS HOPIN'
YOU'D SAY THAT!
BY THE WAY, "D",
THOSE WRINKLES
ON YOUR FOREHEAD
GIVE YOU AWAY.
THEY TELL ME YOU WERE
CONCERNED EARLIER TONIGHT.
OF COURSE,
WHO COULD BLAME YOU?
CONCERN IS A NATURAL
EMOTION WHEN FACING
AN OPPONENT WHO'S
SUPERIOR TO YOU.
HOW OBSERVANT
OF YOU, DOC.
BUT MY "CONCERNS"
HAD NOTHING TO DO
WITH YOU.
THAT'LL CHANGE!
ONCE I PLAY THIS!
THE DIMENSIONAL FISSURE!
AS LONG AS THIS SPELL CARD
IS ON THE FIELD,
EVERY MONSTER THAT'S
SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD
IS REMOVED
FROM THE GAME!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
GRACEFUL CHARITY!
SO I DRAW THREE CARDS
FROM MY DECK,
AND THEN
I DISCARD TWO.
AND JUST SO YOU KNOW,
THEY'RE BOTH MONSTERS!
THAT MEANS THESE CARDS
ARE AUTOMATICALLY
REMOVED FROM PLAY!
FOR MY NEXT MOVE,
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD
MINING FOR MAGICAL STONES!
SO I DISCARD TWO
IN ORDER TO BRING
GRACEFUL CHARITY
BACK TO MY HAND!
NOW, IF YOU DON'T MIND,
I'D LIKE TO PLAY IT AGAIN!
SO THREE CARDS GO
TO MY HAND,
AND TWO GO
TO THE GREAT VOID!
IF HE KEEPS REMOVING
HIS CARDS FROM PLAY,
HE'S NOT GONNA
HAVE ANY LEFT
IN HIS DECK!
IN CASE YOU'VE LOST COUNT,
FIVE OF MY MONSTERS
HAVE LEFT THE GAME!
KNOW WHY?
YES! BECAUSE YOU'RE
A PSYCHOPATHIC
CRIMINAL
WHO DOESN'T KNOW
ANY BETTER!
BUT PLEASE, CONTINUE.
I'LL BE TAKING
A NAP.
A NAP?! IF YOU DO THAT,
YOU'LL SLEEP
THROUGH THE BEST PART, "D"!
YOU'LL HAVE PLENTY
OF TIME TO REST
ONCE I WIN!
IN FACT,
THANKS TO THIS,
THAT MAY BE
SOONER THAN YOU THINK!
BECAUSE MY DIMENSION
FUSION CARD
LETS ME SUMMON
AS MANY NEW MONSTERS
AS I'VE REMOVED
FROM THE GAME!
COME ON OUT, COSMO QUEEN!
MAGICIAN'S VALKYRIA!
AW, HECK, I'LL PLAY
TWO MORE OF THOSE!
AND FINALLY,
EBON MAGICIAN CURRAN!
Jaden:
HE JUST SUMMONED FIVE
MONSTERS IN ONE TURN!
THE "D"'s IN TROUBLE!
HE'LL NEVER BEAT
'EM ALL!
HE WON'T EVEN BEAT ONE!
'CAUSE THANKS
TO THE COLLECTOR'S VALKYRIA,
THE "D" IS PROHIBITED
FROM ATTACKING
ANY SPELLCASTERS!
BUT THAT'S ALL
HE'S UP AGAINST!
THE COLLECTOR'S
NO DUMMY!
HE'S TAKEN AWAY ALL
OF THE "D"'s OPTIONS!
HE'S STUCK!
IN MORE WAYS THAN ONE.
NOT ONLY CAN'T
THE CHAMP ATTACK...
HE CAN'T SUMMON
ANY NEW MONSTERS EITHER!
'CAUSE THANKS TO THAT
EBON MAGICIAN CARD,
EVERY TIME HE PLAYS
A MONSTER,
HE LOSES 300 POINTS!
TALK ABOUT A MAJOR
KEISTER-WHOOPIN'!
THERE'S A NEW
CHAMP IN TOWN.
I'M ABOUT TO END
YOUR TEN YEAR REIGN
WITH ONE MOVE!
BUT LOOK
ON THE BRIGHT SIDE, "D".
AT LEAST I DIDN'T DRAG
OUT YOUR SUFFERING!
NOW, COSMO QUEEN,
DETHRONE HIM!
COSMIC NOVA!
I DON'T THINK SO!
I PLAY
NEGATE ATTACK!
NOT ONLY
DOES THIS CARD
STOP YOUR ATTACK...
IT PREVENTS YOU
FROM ATTACKING AGAIN!
YOU'RE JUST DELAYING
THE INEVITABLE, "D-MAN."
MY NEXT TURN'S
AROUND THE CORNER,
AND MY COSMO QUEEN'S
WAITING!
ONLY THEN YOU'LL
BE EVEN WEAKER!
HERE'S WHY!
I ACTIVATE MY
MAGICAL BLAST SPELL CARD!
SO YOU'LL BE TAKING
200 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY SPELLCASTER
ON MY SIDE OF THE FIELD.
SAM HILL!
A THOUSAND LIFE POINTS!
WITH ONE SPELL CARD!
I'LL PLACE
THIS FACEDOWN
AND TAKE A SHORT BREAK.
[THINKING]
THANKS TO THE EXTRA PROTECTION
OF MY NIGHTMARE WHEEL,
I'M GONNA BE THE NEW
KING OF THE RING!
[SPEAKING]
IT'S TIME TO HAND YOUR
CAPE AND SCEPTER TO ME!
ALRIGHT, "D".
LET'S SEE WHAT--HUH?
HA HA HA!
THAT FOOL!
HE HAS NO CLUE.
SO LET'S
ENLIGHTEN HIM!
IT'S ABOUT TIME
WE SHOWED HIM
THE TRUTH!
HE'S IN
FOR QUITE A SHOCK!!
WHO ARE YOU
TALKING TO, "D"?!
WHERE
ARE MY MANNERS?
A DEAR FRIEND OF MINE
HAS JUST SHOWN UP,
AND I DIDN'T
INTRODUCE YOU!
MISTER COLLECTOR...
MEET THE WORLD'S
MOST POWERFUL FORCE--
DARK LIGHT!
DARK LIGHT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
IT'S COME A LONG WAY
TO BE HERE!
AND THEY CALL ME
A MADMAN!
YOU MAKE NO SENSE!
HOW CAN LIGHT BE DARK?
HIS EYES ARE BLIND
LIKE ALL THE REST!
LET'S OPEN THEM!
HA HA HA!
[SCREAMING]
IT'S...TOO BRIGHT!
JUST WAIT!
I PLAY THESE GUYS!
TWO FIEND'S
SANCTUARY CARDS!
AND NOW...
FOR EACH ONE
I'M ABLE TO SUMMON
A METAL FIEND TOKEN
TO THE FIELD!
THEN I ACTIVATE
MY D-FORCE!
READY, MY FRIEND,
TO SEE THE LIGHT?!
AAH!
I SACRIFICE
THREE MONSTERS
TO PLAY
MY ULTIMATE CARD!
HUH?
WHAT HAPPENED?!
THE CABLE
WENT OUT!
DURING
THE BEST PART!
FIX IT!
JADEN! HURRY!
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
HELLO, "D"?
IS THAT YOU?!
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT!
I WAS WATCHING
THE BROADCAST,
AND IT SUDDENLY CUT OFF!
ASTER, SO GOOD
TO HEAR YOUR VOICE.
I NEED TO SEE YOU.
MY BOAT WILL BE
IN THE WATER
EAST OF DUEL ACADEMY.
COME FIND ME...
WHAT'S WRONG?
[DIAL TONE]
HELLO?!
YOU IN HERE, "D"?
ASTER, MY BOY.
YOU AND I DON'T GET
ANY QUALITY TIME
TOGETHER ANYMORE.
SO WHAT HAPPENED?
DID YOU WIN TODAY?
OH, RIGHT.
YOU MISSED THE ENDING.
ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT
TO KNOW THE DETAILS?
YEAH, OF COURSE!
DID HE LOSE?
"DID HE LOSE?"
ASTER, NO DUELIST
IN THE WORLD CAN DEFEAT ME.
HOW'D YOU WIN?
HA HA HA!
WHY, I USED MY
SECRET WEAPON, OF COURSE.
POOR DOCTOR COLLECTOR
DIDN'T KNOW WHAT HIT HIM.
[SCREAMING]
YOU CAN'T!
MY VALKYRIAS!
THEY'RE IMPERVIOUS
TO YOUR ATTACKS, "D"!
HA HA HA!
APPARENTLY,
YOUR RULES
DON'T APPLY!
NOT TO MY
ULTIMATE CARD!
AAH!
LOOKS LIKE
YOU WERE WRONG!
BUT JUST TO MAKE SURE,
I'LL FORTIFY
MYSELF WITH THIS!
I ACTIVATE
MY NIGHTMARE WHEEL!
IT'S OVER!
COULDN'T AGREE MORE!
WHAT IS THAT?!
[SCREAMING]
"D"! WHAT'VE YOU DONE!?
TELL ME!
HA HA HA!
WHAT HAPPENED?!
HEY! WHAT'S
THE DEAL?!
ONLY ONE WAY OUT.
THE DOOR BEHIND ME.
I'M AFRAID
THE OTHER EXITS
ARE SEALED.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
TELL ME!
IT'S NOT WHAT
I WANT, ASTER.
IT'S WHAT THE LIGHT
WANTS THAT MATTERS.
AND I'M AFRAID
THAT TODAY
THE LIGHT WANTS
YOU, ASTER!
BUT YOU NEEDN'T
BE AFRAID.
ONCE YOU SEE
THE LIGHT,
YOU'LL BE FREE, MY BOY!
FROM WHAT!?
FROM THE SADNESS.
FOR IT WILL TAKE YOU
TO SEE YOUR FATHER!
MY FATHER?!
IS THAT--
I BELIEVE YOU'VE BEEN
SEARCHING FOR THIS CARD
FOR QUITE SOME TIME.
NO WAY!
THE PERSON WHO TOOK
YOUR FATHER
FROM THIS WORLD...
IT WAS ME!
[GASPS]
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪